Margon Bank source code is developed in PHP, HTML, JavaScript, and MySQL database. This complete banking portal provides a kind of real banking services that gives you complete control over all your banking demands online. This project was initially developed for an undergraduate school project, but over time, other banking features had been added base on student demands. It is now suitable for postgraduate level.

A full functional online banking web application that ensures a registered user to enjoy banking online. This Online Banking is a web application where user can transfer money to other users and can have a close watch on all their transactions. The most interesting thing about the coding behind this Margon Bank is that it is well simplified; we used the HTML and PHP comment syntax almost all the lines of code for easy understanding. So it is no just about viewing the codes but understanding the whole instructions and being able to manipulate it.

This script was built in a way you can easily add any types of template to the front end, all that is required is little HTML knowledge or WordPress for those that love WordPress Theme.


Features of Margon Banking Script 

100% guarantee on Deceptive Sites Issues

1. 5.6, 7.1, 7.2 + php version
2. PHPMailer Inside (100% Email Notification Guarantee)
3. World Wide SMS with Twilo SMS API
4. Activate or Deactivate COT, IMF Code for Customers
5. 3 Transfer Method, Interbank transfer, Domestic Transfer and Wire Transfer
6. Portal Account Statement the Printing Option
7. Account Activation Email and SMS Notification
8. Credit Alert Email and SMS Notification
9. Debit Alert Email and SMS Notificate
10. OTP Email and SMS Notification
11. Internal Support Ticket for Communications
12. Edit Customer Profile information
13. Upload Profile picture for Customers from Admin
14. Users can upload their profile pictures
15. 2 FActor Login Authentications for Customers
16. 100 Percent Mobile Responsive with Latest Fonts icons
17. Admin can View Customer Login Credentials
18. Admin can edit customer information and change users password
19. Different Transactions status (Successful, On-hold, declined, pending e.t.c)
20. Admin can add transaction history for users